# DID user database
Created this database on AWS to act as an authortative source to provide user data for issuing credentials. 

## Overview
Brief summary of the purpose and scope of this DID infrastructure project. Mention components (agents, resolvers, ledger connectors, wallets, key management, orchestration, monitoring).

## Features
- Jump host to connect to the database on AWS via SSH


## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Terraform
- Python
- MySQL Workbench (for DB admin and testing)

### Quickstart
1. To start create `.env` file with follwing environment variables:
   ```
     AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="<your-aws-access-key>"
     AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="<your-secret-access-key>"
     AWS_DEFAULT_REGION="eu-west-2”
   ```
2. Then run the following command in the same directory as `.env` file to set values:
   ```
     export $(grep -v '^#' .env | xargs)
   ```
3. Run the following command in the project root directory to build the AWS infrastructure: 
   ```
     python apply_infra.py apply
   ```
4. Follow the instructions to configure MySQL Workbench which is below.
5. Run SQL statments found under `/sql` folder within MySQL Workbench.

### Configure MySQL Bench to connect database via SSH
1. Download MySQL Workbench [click here](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/workbench/)
2. Enter connection name and select 'standard TCP/IP over SSH'.
3. Then enter the EC2 jump host public ip address as SSH Hostname.
4. For the SSH Key File, navigate to the location of `.pem` file (generated by Terraform) 
5. For the MySQL hostname enter the RDS endpoint.
6. The username and password is the same as the one set in Terraform.
7. Then test connection

